Add instructions to install extra dependencies with poetry (#2686)
ManimCommunity/manim: docs/source/contributing/development.rst

     as create and enter a virtual environment. You can always re-enter
     that environment by running ``poetry shell``.

>    - In case you want to install extra dependencies that are defined in ```pyproject.toml``, section ``[tool.poetry.extras]`` , this can be done with e.g. ``poetry install -E jupyterlab -E gui``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - In case you want to install extra dependencies that are defined in
     the ``[tool.poetry.extras]``  section of ``pyproject.toml``, this can be done by passing
     the ``-E`` flag, for example ``poetry install -E jupyterlab -E gui``.
```

Line is too long, should be broken up; plus minor improvement of wording.
